(funky guitar music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(rock music)
(sirens blaring)
- Yo hurry the fuck up!
They on our ass!
- Man. calm the fuck down.
I got this.
- No man. fuck this shit.
- Hey man. put that shit the fuck down!
What the fuck wrong with you. man?
- God.
- Fuck them. ain't nobody fucking worried about them.
- He's in a white vehicle.
Mercedes.
License plate 177K.
- Get your fucking hands up!
Yo. you!
Hands on the steering wheel!
- All right. all right.
- Why is she still in the car?
Passenger. exit the vehicle!
Hands up!
Anything you say can and will
be used against you in a court of law.
- [SWAT Member] Anything you say may be used
against you in a court of law.
- You might as well make it easy on yourself.
- Let's go.
- Mya don't cry over this. nigga.
- Walk before I drag you!
- [Mya VO] My first day as a senior.
I waited four agonizing years for it to come.
I'm Mya Campbell.
The definition of teen perfection.
I wish I could just fast forward to graduation day.
Class of 1998.
- [LaTanya] Mya!
Wake up and get ready for school now!
- [Mya VO] My mom is a professional lawyer and a drawlbox.
Let me get my ass up and focus on my number one priority.
What to wear on the first day of school.
I have to be the flyest.
My fans expect nothing less from me.
Who am I to disappoint them?
(hip hop music)
- I hate that rap music.
Mya. don't forget to sign up for your SAT prep class.
You have less than a year and you need to be ready.
- Mom. it's the first day of school.
I ain't thinking about all that all right?
- Mya. you need to start thinking
about your future as soon as possible.
- Oh okay. sure.
- Your grades were below average.
And your reputation at Overbrook was not in good standing.
If you were to listen to me and went
to Lower Merion High School like I told you.
you'd be a shoo-in the door
for Spelman and Howard University.
But no!
You know how to work your father like a snake charmer.
- Mom you tripping.
- Tripping?
Am I tripping when I pay your extravagant credit card bills?
You may have your father wrapped
around your finger. but not me. little girl.
- Mom. I don't have time for you or your accusations.
- [LaTanya] And don't slam my damn door!
(funk music)
- [Mya VO] You see. my mom may run shit at home.
but here I'm the head bitch in charge.
And all of the peasants bow down
when Queen Mya come around.
All the guys wish they could have me
and all these hating ass bitches wished they rocked
the fly gear that I always have first.
Look at Kareema and her broke ass crew
still playing catch up in last year's gear.
Your bitches will always be in last place.
- Yo. I can't stand that bitch Mya!
She swear she the shit!
- Girl fuck her and her fake ass crew.
Takia ain't nothing but a low budget whore.
And. ooh. Raven.
She swears she got one up on me
just because Mally picked her over me.
His fine ass though.
He definitely missed out on a trophy over here.
- Girl please. they all whores.
I be getting the 411 on every last one of them.
Let's just say they spend most of they time on they backs.
- Look. I just know they better watch they step this year.
I have a very low tolerance for hoes and they games.
And I might just have to stomp
a mudhole in Mya's ass for graduation day.
I mean that bitch dress fly. give her that.
but her hands ain't no match for mine!
Fuck out of here.
- [Mya VO] See what I mean?
Jealousy's a bitch ain't it?
You're gonna get a few haters when you're
one of the baddest chicks in school.
And me and my girls are definitely that.
You can call me Cher from Clueless.
but the ghetto fabulous version.
Senior year here I come.
- Oh my God. is that my bitch?
- Baddest chicks in the house!
- I missed y'all.
Hold up hold up. outfit check.
You know we gotta be flyest
the first day of our senior year.
- Yeah.
- All right.
All right. Miss Takia. I see you in that Chanel.
And you. Miss Raven. you looking real fly in that Fendi.
- Thank you.
- These haters gonna have a tough time
doing they job this year.
(hip hop music)
(student chatter)
- Read what I have written here on the blackboard.
"Where will I be in five years after graduation?"
Get this burned in your minds. people.
You're seniors.
And after this coming June.
you have to face the real world.
Some of you will attend prestigious universities.
Some will develop skills and crafts.
And give them tools to be successful in life.
While the rest?
Jail and welfare will be waiting for you.
- My whole family went to jail. I'm on my college tip.
- Yo. in like five years I'm gonna
be signed to Bad Boy Records.
(students groan)
- Crazy ice and my main man about that.
- Nigga. you couldn't even get signed to Rip Off Records.
- Man. why you hating?
You know I'm nice on the mic.
- Nigga your flow is played out like Kwame
and those fucking polka dots.
- Okay quiet down!
I want silence!
And with my knowledge and guidance.
I will make sure that none of my students are statistics.
Yes. Ms. Scott.
- Ms. Ashcroft.
- [Ashcroft] Yes?
- In five years I'll be a senior at Norfolk University.
Studying pre-med with a degree in journalism.
And hopefully I'll be interning at The Washington Post.
Maybe even becoming the first
female president of the United States!
Anything's possible through hard work and dedication.
- Now see. that's the type
of grade A answer I'm looking for.
Who else would like to give us an example?
- Ms. Ashcroft.
I strive to always give 100%.
Being captain of the debate team.
editor of the school newspaper.
the 1997 national spelling bee competition champ!
Oh. oh. and and this year's valedictorian!
(Lisa cheers) (students boo)
I am willing to succeed.
- Lisa. shut your Jo-familiar ass up!
You always dickying.
We all in the same Magna program.
You're not smarter than anybody just because
you jump to lead every school activity.
And that's only because you have
no social life and fashion sense.
And other words. you ain't got no guys
on your line trying to check your corny ass out.
- Just because I choose to put focus and emphasis
into being an excellent student. while others
choose to be loose plastic label whores.
(students gasps)
We all have choices in life. sweetie.
I'd rather be head of the class
than in the back seat of some man's Jeep.
- Bitch. don't make me smack you so hard you turn retarded.
- Mya that's so typical of your punk ass.
You picking on defenseless Lisa Scott.
but won't bust a grape in a fruit fight
when a real bitch step to your ass.
(students oohing)
- [Tee-Tee] She know she don't want no part.
She knows you'll break that ass up real quick.
- Tee-Tee. stop being mascot for Team Kareema
'cause you know we're gonna break shit up!
- Girl. ain't nothing in this classroom
but space and opportunity.
(students hooting and hollering)
- Yo yo yo yo!
Y'all can't get along?
This is for your own good.
Let these hoes fight!
(students cheering)
- Everybody calm down!
Silence!
Mr. Brown. that is gonna be the last time
you interrupt in this class today.
Next time I will eject you from my class.
And ladies. there will be no cat-fighting in my classroom.
This is the first day of school.
This is ridiculous.
Excuse you. Ms. Campbell.
There's no sun in this room.
I need you to remove your shades.
- Mrs. Ashcroft. these are $400 glasses.
I need these on my face.
- I don't care how much they cost.
I'm gonna ask you one more time to take them off
or I will be writing you a pink slip for suspension.
Thank you.
Now. Ms. Campbell. where do you see yourself in five years?
- In five years I hope...
I hope to never become like you.
Because you're miserable and bitter.
And from what I hear you teachers earn.
I could never afford these shoes on your salary.
(bell rings)
- Keep thinking you're cute. Ms. Campbell.
- I am cute.
Even Stevie Wonder can see that. lady.
(hip hop music)
- [Mya VO] In turn. the urban jungle
called lunch is a complicated category.
Because where you sit determines your rank and status.
Oh God. I see Raheem and the wannabe
rap niggas is starting that banging shit.
free-styling that gibberish that nobody wants to hear.
The Muslim kids have their own window area
on lock looking like The Million Man March
all garbed up in their kuthies and khimars for days.
The fine male specimen of Overbrook's
football and basketball team
sit in their own little world.
They are some fine brothers.
Just a little too light in the pockets for me.
- Lisa Scott and the nerds swear they all that
because they're a bunch of overachievers
wearing wack gear on sale from Sears and K-Mart.
Her and her crew are the brains of Overbrook.
But me and my bitches are the electricity
that keeps lights on in this motherfucker.
The only room left for the ghetto fabulous.
And we occupy the building's most prized real estate.
- Mya. what's up with you and that fool Carmello Green?
- Oh that's my baby.
We've been spending so much time together lately.
I think he the one.
There's just so many other bitches in the world.
- Well the way he get them you gonna
have deal with other bitches.
- The way I see it. if he really feeling you
the way you say he is. then he should
put them other chicks on the sideline.
- Rav. it's different when you're dealing with a hustler.
Because there's so many other females.
you gotta step up your game to tame them.
- Mya. look at Smoke and Rocky.
They irk my life.
- Aww.
Smoke look cute.
- [Mya VO] Smoke was my first boyfriend.
He gave me my first taste of the street life.
But I got bored.
The streets were calling.
- Look at Mya.
Boujie ass over there with her eyes at you.
- I mean of course she gonna do that. man.
I'm the one that broke her in.
- Right. right.
- Yeah. whoever asks her gonna have her feet all balled up.
I remember in ninth grade. man.
she already been ran through.
- Now they talking about they on some next level shit.
- Right. right.
- Mya running around with that
little nigga Mario from down the bottom.
- Like these chicks wouldn't know
a real nigga from jawn-ass Versace. man.
- But I like the quiet little jawn Raven.
She bad as shit.
- [Rocky] Yo. you right. yo!
I will bust Raven ass. yo.
Real shit.
- Yo. Raven look like Chili from TLC.
- Right. right. right.
- 'Cause I ain't going way back with Martin.
I been stuck on that.
- Word. word.
- Yo. let's hit them dice in the bathroom real quick.
Wanna take these mad street niggas' money real quick.
- What the fuck is they smell?
I know they not eating them stinky ass (indistinct).
- Get them. Tak.
- Excuse me.
Me and my girls down here trying to breathe
and the smell of your stinking ass
lunches is blocking our lungs.
Y'all not even supposed to be at this table anyway.
- Excuse me?
We not moving.
- She's not talking to us.
She's not talking to us!
Anyway!
- Bitches. don't play with me.
Get your stuff and go.
- Whatever.
- You know what?
- Quit messing with those special ed kids.
They not bothering nobody.
- They gotta fucking go.
- The smell. I couldn't take it.
- [Raven VO] (sighs) I can't believe Mally is late again.
This is the third time in less than a week.
I swear. sometimes he makes me
just wanna scream and break up with his ass.
But then he looks at me with those pretty sad
puppy dog eyes and pulls me back in.
We've been together since the eighth grade.
Maybe I'm co-dependent on him.
Mario and Takia make the fast life look so easy.
Fuck.
I worked two weeks and my check is only $468?
This ain't shit.
Sometimes life just ain't fear.
- All right. what's wrong?
- Nothing's wrong. Jamal.
- Come on Raven. why are you upset?
I hope it ain't got nothing to do
with me picking you up late.
- [Raven VO] Mally you know damn well why I got an attitude.
(sighs) I wish I could just jump out this car right now.
- You see. I picked my mom car up
just so I can get there to come and get you.
- I'm not mad about that.
I'm mad because I wanna go shopping
and with this little bullshit ass check
I'm not gonna be able to buy much.
- I should have $100 for you by Friday.
I just don't see why you break your neck
to buy that expensive high price shit anyway.
- Because that's what I like the wear. Jamal.
- No. that's not what you like the wear.
That's what your stuck up friends like the wear.
- My friends aren't stuck up.
We just like the best shit.
What's wrong with that?
- Look Raven. all I'm saying
is you don't need to buy all that expensive
designer shit to make you feel like a decent person.
Mya. she's spoiled as shit.
And Takia?
She like the biggest whore in West Philly.
- Yo. stop disrespecting my friends!
I keep telling you about this shit.
- Why are you always sticking up for them?
Be your own person for once.
- I am my own person.
I don't follow anybody.
We've been best friends since the sixth grade.
We more like sisters more than anything.
- I heard this shit a million times.
(dramatic piano music)
Look babe.
All I'm saying is we don't gotta
keep arguing about the same shit.
That shit's stupid.
And my mom's working late.
Let's go to my house and pop in a R. Kelly CD.
- Nah. it's good.
I'm not even in the mood.
- Hey wait. wait. wait. wait.
Shut the door.
Look babe. I'm sorry.
I really am.
You'll start getting more from me once I finish
automotive school and get my mechanic license.
I'll save up enough money.
Get me an apartment.
You can move in with me there
while you going back and forth at Temple.
And that way it'll save your parents money
on them high ass dorm expenses.
- Oh Mally.
It's all right.
I don't really wanna make money the issue.
I know I've been stressing lately. but I know you love me.
- Been loving you since the eighth grade.
I'll never forget the time I asked you to be my girl.
You said yes.
- Yeah. you wrote me a letter
in front of the whole lunchroom.
I ain't had no other choice but to say yes.
I ain't want you to be embarrassed.
- Whatever.
Give me a kiss.
Raven.
You sure you don't want me to pop in that R. Kelly CD?
- Nah. it's good.
Goodnight Mally.
(R&B music)
(teens laughing)
- Come on. Pumpkin.
Walk me in the Chinese store.
Get me something to eat. I'm hungry.
- Why you still eating that gerbil meat?
- Shut up. Pumpkin.
- Listen. you staying with me tonight?
I got a new 50 of Martin coming in.
- That's cool.
As long as you give me my $500 I asked you for
a week ago so I could get my Gucci boots.
- Listen. I got your little 500.
For all that you gonna stay
with me the whole weekend at AC.
- Come on. Pumpkin.
- So what's up?
- Listen Mario. I don't got nothing else to say to you.
We're done.
- Look. I fucked up.
I was already playing with these chicks.
I didn't realize what I had 'til you was gone.
Things gonna be different this time.
I'm a changed man.
- Listen. anything me and you had going on.
I deaded that that a long time ago.
- Word?
You deaded your feelings for me?
- Yep.
- I see this nigga Carmello Black must be
showing you a real good time up north huh?
- [Mya VO] I'm gonna kill Takia!
I know she been running her mouth
pillow talking with Pumpkin.
- What?
Cat got your tongue?
Yeah. I figured as much.
- Yo. keep that nosey ass out my fucking business!
- Look. I keep my ear to the streets!
And anything that got to do with you.
shit always get back to me.
And I know the boy probably break you off
and all that. but that nigga definitely ain't me.
- And you definitely ain't him.
♪ Niggas done came and gone. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Crossed me. broke my heart. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Prayed on my downfall. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Had the drop on me. squeeze shot to me ♪
♪ But I'm still here
♪ I'm still here
- Hey hey hey.
It's that boy Black from up north.
He get major money.
Around like 30 blocks.
- Yeah. my cousin up north save him at work. bro.
- You get it from him?
- Yeah.
- Who. Carmello what?
- He irk.
He upset.
Took his other girl.
- That nigga a sucker.
- Don't do that.
Hey. I'll be right back.
I'mma go holler.
- All right. go do that.
- Yo Black!
What's the deal. playboy?
What them things going for up north?
I'm just trying to put something together.
- Not with me.
You ain't putting shit together with me.
Hey man. come on.
- Man. fuck that city bitch.
I put her name in these streets and made her somebody.
- Fuck that frontin' ass nigga Black too.
Farah's on that nigga ass right now as we speak.
- Mmmhm.
- Man. I told you that nigga was a nut.
- Shut up.
Come on. TK.
Let's go!
- That jacket popping. man.
Damn baby. let me get a fry!
- Let me talk to you about something.
You know them niggas that I seen you talking to earlier?
I don't wanna see you talking to them no more.
- Who. Pumpkin and Mario?
- Mmmhm.
- Probably just messing with my girl Takia.
I just knew them for a long time.
They some Jo-ass niggas.
- Yeah. I understand that. but that shit don't matter.
That's not what I'm asking you.
What I'm saying is don't fuck with them no more.
Them niggas is irrelevant dickheads.
You. you're my girl.
So who you associate with is a reflection of me.
- Oh. so you claiming me now?
- Not at the moment. but what I'm saying is...
I mean you fly and all that.
but you ain't reach your full potential yet.
I know your folks got money.
But I'm gonna teach you the knowledge of the streets.
How to play the game.
How to outsmart niggas and always
be able to stand on your own too.
All you gotta do is just lay back and pay attention.
(hip hop music)
- [Raven VO] Every two weeks I go on a bargain hunt
expedition to my hunting grounds at the Franklin Mills Mall.
Where Six and Newman Marcus have outlets
full of discount designer clothes and accessories
from as far back as two seasons ago.
I've become an expert in finding a bargain.
'Cause there is no way I can compete
with Mya's parents' wealth and Takia's
endless supply of street hustlers' money.
They always have the latest gear before me.
That's okay.
They shop carelessly.
I shop smart and always ended up
looking just as good as they do.
(girls chattering) (hip hop radio music)
- Can you girls keep it down in here?
Some of us do have to work for a living.
And my beauty rest is of the utmost importance.
- [Girls] Sorry. Ms. Campbell.
- And can you girls listen to some music
with a little more substance?
All that profanity in those songs.
I mean all they do is downgrade women.
I have the new Mariah Carey and Celine Dion albums.
I'm gonna get them for you.
- Mom please. you is drawling.
Don't nobody wanna listen to no
corny behind Celine Dion and Mariah Scary.
We trying to listen to some Method Man and Busta Rhymes.
Okay?
- DMX.
- Now can you go back to bed?
It's Friday night anyway.
- Yes.
It's TGI Friday.
But every day is a productive day.
Good night ladies.
- Goodnight.
- Yo. Ms. LaTanya is all As.
Your mom is super duper fly.
She been that way since the sixth grade.
- Y'all is so Jo.
She all right.
- Oh yeah. Raven. Nickels was checking for you. girl.
- [Mya] Oh my god.
- Me and Pumpkin went to the movie theater on 69th Street.
Took me to see The Players Club.
He was with some chick with these
dog ass on sale ass Nine West boots.
- No! - Not!
- Oh my God. I was over it.
He pulled me to the side like put me with your girl Raven.
I'm really trying to fuck with her.
I was like all right.
Girl you really getting money.
He just put a ring on top and everything.
And you see. you probably get
whatever you want out of the nigga.
- Oh my god.
I keep telling y'all me and Mally. we got problems. yeah.
But we good.
It is not all about a nigga with money.
What's that saying?
Money don't buy love.
- And what's that other saying?
Dating a broke nigga and being broke is depressing.
Listen Raven. I know you had
your little puppy dog moment.
but that was cute in the ninth grade.
And I know you tired of struggling.
We about to be growing and graduating.
You two can't even pay for a meal at Red Lobster.
Listen. I'm not trying to come at your neck. Raven.
But I'm just trying to be real with you.
- Y'all two bitches been real for more than enough.
We good.
(tense music)
- Oh God Mya. what's going on with you and Carmello Black
because every time someone brings up
Mally name Raven gets so defensive.
- I'm not defensive.
- Let me call my boo.
Because I am tired of trying
to help people with their situations.
So let me handle mine.
- Fuck both of you bitches.
- Whatever. - Whatever.
- Hello?
You know I couldn't go to sleep
without hearing your voice.
- So what that make me. your little personal lullaby?
- Let's just say you know how to put me to sleep.
What's all that noise in the background?
Where you at?
- I'm at the party.
I'm at Fah's party.
- Still gonna take me shopping?
- Yeah. no. of course. yeah.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna set you up
around noon and I'll come pick you up.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
(hip hop music)
- Shit. (indistinct) world crew!
The nigga shining over there. man.
We gonna keep them prepared!
- Girl. you really need to be checking on Carmello Black.
Bitch he is holding.
I'm talking big money.
- I'm kinda feeling Faheem though.
He got that whole Method Man sexiness to him.
- I mean yeah. Faheem cool and all that. but he the hoe.
- Let me school you real quick.
Did you see those presidents on his arm?
No less than 30 stacks.
I've been watching the nigga all night.
- Bitch. Carmello the boss.
Trust me.
That little bitch Mya he fuck with?
They come into Coco's laced.
I'm talking about Chanel. Versace. Moschino down. okay?
That bitch even got a Rolex on her fucking ass wrist.
- Faheem got a girlfriend?
- Yeah.
- It makes me want him even more.
- Listen. I'm trying to get with anybody
in they crew anyway 'cause they all is getting money.
- Hey. where you going?
- Black want me to do something.
Be right back.
- Faheem. don't take all fucking day.
- Yo. it's my birthday.
Shut the fuck up!
- Girl.
You let him play with you like that?
- I'm gonna cut him a little slack
because it's his birthday.
He gets real fucking slick when he gets drunk.
(hip hop music)
- Let me look at you.
You look amazing as usual.
- Appreciate that.
How you been?
- I'm great. how about you?
- Awesome.
So before we get into business.
I just want you to know that Manny and the rest
of the Brooklyn crew send their warmest regards.
- Okay.
- And ae have a little special surprise for you too.
- Oh yeah?
I like surprises.
- Good.
(funky hip hop music)
- Khalid. you doing what all night?
- Hey yo yo yo. don't you see two men talking?
- I see you talking. but what are you talking about?
- Yo. none of your fucking business what I'm talking about.
- You know what. Khalid?
Fuck you.
- Come here. yo.
I'll tear you the fuck up when we get home.
Fuck on with that.
- Hey. be careful man.
- Come here.
- What up?
- You look good.
- Are you fucking serious right now. Jamal?
I'm not trying to wait out here all night for you!
- [Mally] You acting like I planned this shit!
I didn't know my car was gonna break down!
- I don't care. Mally!
It's always something!
I'm out here alone in the cold!
Ain't a damn thing open.
- Look babe. I'm sorry.
I really am.
I'll get there as soon as I get this car started.
- Whatever. Jamal.
I'm so sick and tired of this shit.
- Fuck Raven. can you stop acting like
a spoiled brat for five seconds?
My car broke down.
You would think you would show a little bit more compassion.
But no. not your little selfish ass. right?
Look man. I'll get there when I get this car handled.
- You know what?
Fuck you!
You ain't gotta come.
I'mma take the bus home.
- Well fuck you too then.
(dramatic piano music)
- [Nickels] Raven?
Raven!
What you doing out here by yourself?
- Well I just got off of work
and now I'm about to catch the bus home.
- [Nickels] The bus?
A girl as fine as you?
You don't need to be riding home by yourself.
Get in. I'll take you home.
- Nah. it's cool.
But thanks though.
- Come on. baby girl.
It's late.
You've been working all day. so your feet probably hurting.
And I know you cold.
You hungry?
- [Raven VO] Should I be a little spontaneous?
I mean it's not like I planned a date or anything.
But he is kind of adorable.
No!
Raven. just go home.
- Nah. thanks. I'm cold.
I already ate at work.
Plus I gotta be up early for school tomorrow.
- Look. I'm tired of playing with your pretty ass.
I've been trying to get with you for the longest.
You not giving me no play.
- Nickels. I told you I had a boyfriend.
- You talking about the little dude
that fix the cars. right?
- Yeah. he fixes cars. but he trying
to make his money the legit way.
- Look.
Ain't nothing wrong with being a working man.
I just work smart.
Not hard.
And if you was my girl. you damn sure
wouldn't be riding some bus this time of night.
- Thanks for the ride Nickels. but I gotta go.
- Wait. hold on hold on. wait wait wait wait.
Take this.
When you get down with a real nigga.
there'll be plenty more where that came from.
Take my number.
Hit me.
- Goodbye Nickels.
- All right.
I'mma get her little ass.
(hip hop music)
- Let's get it in motion. people!
I need that energy!
Healthy mind. healthy body!
Let's go!
Jumping jacks on three!
One. two. three let's go!
One!
Two!
Give me some energy!
Come on!
Jump. jump. let them jump!
You know what to do.
That's right. you looking good too.
You too!
Come on. that's right. get it together.
Stop playing in my class.
Come on. Takia!
Make it pop!
Up and down. yeah!
I wanna smell the musk. come on!
Get it together!
You wanna come in my class late?
With your own little uniforms?
Make it clap!
Make them clap!
Get down!
- What does this have to do-
- Don't worry about what I'm doing!
Give me some crunches!
I want you to feel the burn.
Make it to the game here. you tell me.
You let them jump.
Get it together!
One!
Come on.
That's two!
Get it up!
Matter of fact. come here.
Y'all think this a game.
Give me some push-ups.
That ain't nothing. come on!
Burn!
Yeah. just like that!
Come on!
Three more!
Yeah. that's incredible!
Shit!
Come on. get up here.
Get back up here.
Come on.
Make them jump!
Tuck your stomach in!
(blows whistle)
Stop!
First of all. y'all come in late.
Then y'all not in the proper uniform.
SWV.
- [Students] SWV?
- Yeah. sisters with no vehicles.
Class. five minute break.
Meet me in my office. let's go.
Let's go ladies!
- Listen. I don't remember getting
those uniforms at home room.
Do y'all?
- More like hoe uniforms.
- Child please. did you see them shorts?
It had to have been a yeast infection going on up in there.
- Child. they walked up in here
looking like a fake ass Toto.
Even Biggie can beat their
bootleg style with his crooked-ass eye.
(girls laughing)
- [Girls] RIP.
- Raven. what was that about last night?
My car broke down.
I did everything I could to pick you up.
but that shit was way out of my hands.
I even borrowed my mom car just so I can
pick you up and take you to school today.
Then I get to your job last night.
You're not there.
Not answering your phone.
What's going on. Rav?
'Cause lately you've been having this real
stink ass attitude and I ain't feeling it.
What's really the problem?
- (sighs) Mally. I don't know how to say this.
but we're just not working out no more.
It's like we going in two different directions.
- What. you breaking up with me?
- I don't know. Mally!
I don't know what I want anymore!
Damn.
- I can't believe this shit.
After all the shit we've been through?
I don't even know who you are anymore.
- Let me tell you who I am.
I'm a girl growing up. and the boy I've been with
since I was 14 is still in the same place.
- I ain't trying to hear that shit.
It's another nigga ain't it?
Them girlfriends done got in your head.
I knew it was them bitches.
- Here we go again.
I keep telling you my friends ain't got
shit to do with how I'm feeling.
I'm my own woman. and if you don't know that
then I guess you don't know me.
Matter of fact just pull over. Mally.
I'mma just walk to school.
- Raven!
Raven!
Where the fuck is you going?
♪ Right there you'll be
♪ Crying life is over
♪ I have to start again
♪ You left me lonely and beat
♪ Hurt and broken again
♪ It can't be over. no no no
♪ You could've been here forever. I know it ♪
- Raven!
♪ Say you having certain feelings. but you never show it ♪
(phone ringing)
Raven it's been five days.
Why you ducking me?
I know we had that little petty ass argument.
but come on man. I think you punished me enough.
I've been by your school. I've been by your job.
and I've been by your house.
Listen man. hit me up when you get this message.
I got a little gift for you.
Not spectacular. but it's a couple dollars
so you can go shop all right?
I love you.
Let me know when you get this message. all right Raven?
Bitch answer this fucking door!
I ain't the fuck stupid.
I know you in the house.
Will you please answer the fucking door. man?
I'm tired of this shit. man.
I ain't trying to argue no more.
I just wanna talk to you.
Yo Raven. where the fuck is you at. man?
I'm talking to Tee-Tee and Mya. telling me
you hang around with some sucker ass nigga?
You know they can't wait to tell me.
Call my fucking phone when you get this message. man.
'Cause you acting real crazy. yo.
Call my fucking phone soon as you get this shit.
(teens chatting)
- Ooh child. there go Mally.
He look pissed.
- Child. I'm about to have a front row seat.
Raven is officially becoming a player.
- The question is can she control her-
- Raven!
- Yo Mally. don't drawl out here.
- Drawl?
- Yo Mally. calm down!
- Bitch mind your fucking business!
That's your problem.
- Hold the fuck up. who you calling a bitch?
I'll get your bitch-ass out here.
- (indistinct).
Hey yo. calm that shit down. bro.
- Both of y'all lighten up!
- What?
- Yo we out!
Let's go!
Get in the fucking car!
- Raven!
(dramatic music)
Yo Raven. get out this car.
Raven get out the car!
You not serious right now.
Come on. don't do this.
Not right now. okay?
What I'm supposed to do?
I can't live without you.
Yo. if you leave with this dude.
you gonna throw away everything we had.
You dead to me.
- Pull off.
- Raven get out the car.
Raven!
- Hey yo. stop all that crying shit.
You my girl now.
I'mma give you everything that lame ass nigga couldn't.
- Nigga stop talking about him like that!
You don't even know him like that!
He's really a good guy.
- I finally got your pretty ass.
You ain't going nowhere.
(R&B music)
♪ I couldn't really sleep last night ♪
♪ Up thinking about our fight
♪ And what is to become of me
♪ And your infidelity
♪ I spent too many years trying to deal with this ♪
♪ I can't take a chance
♪ No not this time
♪ It's over
♪ I couldn't get him out of my head ♪
♪ It's away from the things he said ♪
♪ Some mighty frisky and away from me ♪
(gamblers chattering)
- Hey. yo yo yo. hold hold hold hold!
Listen man. I hit that. man.
What the fuck is you doing. man?
Where that bread. bro?
- Nah dawg. you cheating.
You right. he ain't call that shit. man.
- Nigga you ain't even hit that. man.
- Man. we watching the game. man.
Stop fucking cheating. nigga.
- Hey Smoke. you calling me a liar?
- Come on. my man. it is what it is.
I'm saying you ain't call that
and you damn sure ain't getting-
- Hold hold hold. my nig.
I know you heard my man Seth call ace.
Stop being on some slime shit. cuz.
Come off that fucking bread. nigga.
- You sheisty-ass nasty street niggas
always trying to get over on somebody.
Ass bandit shit.
Yo. I ain't going for that shit today.
- Listen man. y'all bum ass 55th Project street niggas
always scrambling over a couple dollars.
- That's a whole nother level of disrespect. man.
I don't think you wanna go there.
You need to apologize.
- Hey man. the line been crossed.
So what's up?
- Hey yo. one of y'all niggas watch the fucking door.
- Fuck all that!
Yo. we say what the fuck we want!
- Fuck you mean go watch the door. nigga?
My niggas got hands over here.
so what y'all niggas finna do?
(gamblers arguing)
- Listen. listen. listen. listen.
- My bad. man. my bad. all right?
- We all some young brothers trying to make a dollar right?
Ain't no reason why we can't be civilized right?
My fault.
My bad. Seth.
(suspense music)
(hip hop music)
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
- [Hakim] Yo what's up?
- Who is this?
- [Hakim] It's Hakim.
I got your number on South Street.
the other night coming out of Missouri.
- Who?
- [Hakim] Fair-skinned baller with the sunni beard.
- Oh I remember now.
Nigga it's almost 1 o'clock in the morning.
What's up?
- I'm just trying to see you tonight.
- Oh that's what's up.
I hope you know I need compensation for my time.
- Yeah shorty. I know you about a couple dollars.
- All right. I'm at 5527 North Vine Street.
- All right.
Gimme about a half.
- [Takia VO] I'm a natural born hustler.
Street niggas is my game and I mastered it.
There ain't a crew of niggas
in Philadelphia that's getting money
that I don't know or dealt with directly.
Power and money is what turns me on.
If Raven and Mya knew half the shit
I did for money. they would be so fucking shocked.
I tell my best friends enough.
But a girl gotta keep some secrets to herself.
When puberty hit. it hit me the right way.
My body got voluptuous and older guys
started to notice and spend lots of money on me.
The allure of crisp hundred dollars bills turns me on.
I've been reborn.
A fly. sexy. fast-talking bad bitch
that know how to talk to any nigga
and make them part ways with they cash.
Look at Michelle. my mother.
Drunk again.
She been the greatest disappointment in my life.
Putting one abusive boyfriend after another in front of me.
My mother always been jealous of my beauty.
which I inherited from my handsome father Eugene Thomas.
All Michelle would tell me of him was that he was
a no good son of a bitch that deserted us
and ran off for another woman.
My two older brothers had different fathers than me.
but they both adored they little sister.
And like most boys growing up in the hood.
they both turned to the streets and started hustling
for a local crew called West Philly Hustlers.
But I lost both of my brothers to the streets.
Now I'm just out here.
Black girl lost.
Isn't that ironic?
(hip hop music)
♪ Nigga try to text now
♪ Can't take me. can't have me
♪ Niggas done came and gone. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Crossed me. broke my heart. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Prayed on my downfall. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Had the drop on me. squeeze shot to me ♪
♪ But I'm still here
♪ I'm still here
♪ Crossed my. broke my heart. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Prayed on my downfall. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Had the drop on me. squeeze shot to me ♪
♪ But I'm still here
♪ I'd rather be soulless than goalless ♪
♪ Or dough-less or hoe-less or foe-less ♪
♪ Enemies keep me focused
♪ Motivation to grow with
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
- What's up stranger?
- Who this. Ming?
What's up. baby?
What's up with you?
- You tell me.
You a hard man to get in contact with.
I've been playing phone tag with you for weeks now.
- Yeah. but you know what that's about though.
You know I'm just focused on business.
Ain't nothing else.
- I got something you need to be focused on.
You still playing around with that little high school girl?
You need somebody that's gonna put an arch in your bed.
- [Carmello] (chuckles) Ain't talking that shit.
I know you a stallion.
- [Ming] Black. you have no idea.
I was in nursing school. but I took
a semester off to get my shit together.
Well when you free?
Tell me when you free.
We can link up.
- For you?
Any day.
- I don't know. for some reason I just get
this feeling that you say that to all the niggas.
You run that little nothing game
on all them niggas out there.
- Who she with on the phone?
- Only the right ones.
- All right. well listen Fah. I'mma take care of that shit.
Don't even worry about it.
All right. I'mma call you back.
I'm about to eat.
All right.
- Who the fuck your sneaky ass on that phone with?
- Nigga mind your fucking business.
- It's good.
But don't worry about that though.
You cook good in other ways though.
- Oh really?
- Yeah. for sure.
- Okay. what other ways can I cook good?
- Let me show you.
♪ But nigga I'm still here
♪ Now let's look at all of my peers ♪
♪ That got all of them gears
♪ They no longer here. I must be doing something right ♪
♪ I've survived graveyard nights and backyard fights ♪
- These two right here?
This my right hand Faheem.
And my young gunner Khalid.
Closest niggas to me.
Both intricate parts to the underworld empire.
We worship with bullets. blood.
and the purest cocaine in the city of Philadelphia.
I'm the brains. Faheem's the vice president of the board.
and Khalid is the muscle.
That nigga blow a nigga's brains out and kiss
their mom at the funeral if I ask him to.
(tense music)
Yo.
Let me holler at you real quick.
(tense music)
All right so listen. there's six. right?
I don't give a fuck what you charge niggas outside.
But just make sure that 120 come back home.
All right?
- I got you. nigga.
- You got me?
- I know how to count. I'mma come back.
- I just wanna make sure we got the number straight.
- We got it.
- You good though?
- I'm good.
- All right. be safe out there.
(Faheem and Khalid muttering)
(hip hop music)
- Yo. Club Gotham is pumping tonight!
- Child yes.
- What's your name shorty?
- I'm Raven.
- My name Nadir.
I've been checking for you hard all night.
You got a man?
- Yep. and a good one at that.
- You got some pretty hands.
Man. you need to stop playing
and put some diamonds on that finger.
- What's up. man?
You trying to buy this bar up?
- All right all right. cool.
Just give me a few minutes-
- What you mean?
Forget her. man.
- Like 10 minutes.
Come on man. give me 10 minutes.
- All right. all right. it's cool.
- What's your number. Raven?
- I don't give out my number to anyone.
Plus I told you I had a boyfriend.
I'm a one guy kind of girl.
- I see you like playing hard to get.
You like that don't you?
This is what I'm gonna do.
Give me a call when you want someone with guts.
And get with a real nigga.
- Rav. that nigga is a dime.
Where he from?
He look good as shit.
Motherfucker don't be grabbing my ass!
- Man Taki. you might as well leave with me.
I got a little stash for you.
With your little sexy ass.
- I'm with my girlfriends and I just can't leave them.
And I don't know if I feel like all that.
You know you turn into an animal-
- Nah. you know how that be.
When I'm pushed against the wall
I can't help her to turn into an animal.
Come on. we'll go over to Jersey.
Get a room at the (indistinct).
- I don't know.
I'll think about it. but I'm not
giving you an answer right now.
- Come on. man.
You're keeping me waiting.
- That was Omar.
He try and give me the roll out limo.
Niggas think just 'cause they got a couple dollars
they're entitled to get pussy whenever they want.
It ain't my fault my shit so good got your nut-ass sprung.
- Let's go to the bathroom.
I gotta pee.
- Oh my God. did y'all see Omar nut-ass?
He better get the fuck outta here.
Rav. who was that boy you was talking to?
He was so cute.
- That was Nadir. but I'm gonna stay away from him.
- You need to fucking get rid of Nickel's crazy ass.
- Crazy ain't the word.
- Yo. I can't believe Amir missed tonight.
- Girl you know her mom put her on punishment.
She failed all her classes again.
- Hey yo. I told you these nut-ass bitches was in here. yo.
- It's so funny though how bitches talk
real tough during school hours though. right?
- You bitches know better than to bring
that tough shit over here.
- But it's so funny how you hoes
look like deer caught in the headlights tonight.
Ain't no school security gonna
save y'all either so what's up?
- Please bitch. we don't got time
to entertain you lowlifes.
We too pretty. our clothes is too expensive.
We just too fucking dime.
Instead of hating. maybe y'all bitches
should get y'all weight up.
Then you wouldn't be stalking us in the fucking bathroom.
- Thank you.
- You know what?
I see a bunch of hating ass jealous bitches.
- Hey Mya. I ain't gonna give too many more bitches!
- No more talking though. let's stuff this bitch right now.
- Tee-Tee calm your hype ass down.
- So you are a bitch.
And your mom too.
(girls cheering) (rock music)
- Now where the hell you been?
Out whoring with one of your niggas?
- First of all. don't worry about where I've been.
Mind your damn business.
But if your nosy as must know.
I stayed the night at Mya's house.
- Alright Takia. don't forget your little
fast ass is still living up in my house!
- Last time I checked. this was my grandmother's house.
And the only reason bills get paid around here
is because of the money I bring in.
Look at this. Michelle.
You are trifling!
It's stinking here.
- You swear you so hot.
'Cause you running around sleeping
with all these little drug dealers.
Sure. you're young and pretty.
But that ain't gonna last forever.
- Well as long as I got it. I'mma keep working it.
- You ain't nothing but a whore.
You ain't gonna be shit.
Just like your damn daddy wasn't shit.
- I might be a whore. but I'm a paid whore.
As many men as I seen you bring inside this house.
your ass might wanna take some notes.
'Cause you've been broke ever since
grandma's life insurance money ran out.
- Well little miss paid whore.
the gas bill came in the mail.
We're five months behind.
They're gonna shut us off.
And since you're so paid. what you gonna do about it?
- Fucking figured.
And you better make sure it gets fucking paid.
I can't wait to move out of this
roach-infested rundown shed!
(tense music)
(hip hop music)
- Excuse me.
See. I'm having this problem.
I keep having this dream and in this dream
there's a beautiful Goddess that walking.
The only thing is I can't see her face.
I'm thinking that might be you.
You need a ride home?
- No. I'm fine.
It's Nadir right?
Oh. so that's what you look like in the daytime.
- You sure?
The passenger side could use some company.
Seeing how I gave you my number last time
and you never used it. right?
- I got a boyfriend. you remember him?
- Call it what you want.
I just wonder why we not friends.
- Nah. it's cool.
I got enough friends.
I keep a tight circle.
- I can guarantee ain't none of your friends like me.
Why don't you give me a try?
- Nadir. I'm flattered.
And I think it's quite a coincidence
that we see each other twice in one week.
And as handsome as you are. I'm pretty sure
you got plenty of girls in your jacket.
- I got a few beds. but none of them like you.
You the star in my book.
I mean plus. the fly West Philly girl.
- And you from north. right?
- Nah.
From uptown.
That's where the flyest reside anyway.
- Cocky I see.
Typical light-skinned nigga.
You know what?
I think I gotta go.
It was nice seeing you though. Nadir.
- Whoa. pump the brakes. pump the brakes.
You got my number still?
- Yeah. I got it right here in tuck.
- Take me out the tuck.
Give me a call sometime.
I'm always here with my friends.
- I'll think about it.
(hip hop music)
- You know Takia. everyone wants a shot.
I know you tired of being out here
in these streets like that. shorty.
It's funny as shit 'cause if you wasn't
with my man Malik Moses. I really would've been
trying to take you personally right now.
- [Takia] Fuck out of here. Rock.
No one's introducing me to shit sexually
that my young ass didn't know nothing about.
- You went from little Takia to thick Takia fast as shit.
Your brother. he rather you fucking
with a real nigga like me than fuck with
all these lame niggas you fucking with.
- [Takia] Lames?
You got me fucked up.
Imagine me fucking with a lame.
(phone ringing)
Who this?
- What's real. Takia?
Goddamn. you got two niggas on your phone.
You don't recognize my voice?
- Oh my God. Lil Rell from South Philly?
Where you at?
It's so loud.
Oh. a crap game?
- Yeah. I'm gonna smack these niggas real quick.
Just came up on a couple dollars.
I'm saying though. trying to see you later on.
What you doing?
- Nothing.
I'm free as a bird.
- Around 11 I'll probably come pick you up.
All right.
All right. that's cool.
(gamblers chattering)
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
You outside?
I'm coming right now.
All right.
- [Takia VO] Lil Rell from South Philly?
Where do I even start?
I'm used to being with guys
and being able to control my emotions.
Thinking like a man. but damn sure
still looking like a lady.
But when it comes to Rell.
he kind of makes my heart skip a beat.
His sleepy eyes and his sexy smile
kind of remind me of Nas.
And his body is toned.
He's gotta be doing 100 push-ups a day.
And when we get it in. it's not just
about the cash when I'm with Rell.
And having feelings for niggas goes against
everything in my hustler's handbook.
- Rell. your fine ass is gonna get it tonight.
(romantic piano music)
(car revs)
- So what's the deal. shorty?
- I've been chilling.
Just going to school.
(Rell chuckles)
- The fuck out of there.
I know you be out here in these streets.
- Rell. come on.
I got a few friends. but ain't no ring on my finger.
- Stop juggling so many niggas.
I might put a rock on that finger.
Yeah. I knew that would shut your ass up.
For real.
I mean. maybe. would you wanna be my girl?
- Really?
You don't understand.
It's hard for me to trust men.
I don't think I'm the wifey type.
- Why you say that. Takia?
You're gorgeous.
You always got the fly shit on.
You a hustler.
In the bedroom.
You already know what it is.
Look Takia. I wanna be with you.
Despite your past.
You ain't gotta be out here hopping
from nigga to nigga like that.
Just imagine how your life could be with just me.
- You sure you want me?
You gonna hear all kind of rumors about me.
- I don't give a fuck what nobody gonna say.
The only thing that's important to me
is how I feel about you.
- All right. Rell.
I'll be your girl.
♪ Plain Jane
♪ Give him a little
♪ Sexy. tease him a little
♪ Get him freaky
♪ To all ways of loving
♪ To all ways of loving you
♪ Plain Jane. give him a little ♪
♪ Sexy. tease him a little
♪ Give him plain Jane
♪ Whether it's morning. noon. or night ♪
♪ I can make you feel all right ♪
♪ And you'll love it. babe
♪ I know that you'll love it
♪ You'll love it. babe
♪ And once the lights go down
♪ There'll be no fooling around ♪
♪ Just a minute. baby
♪ No matter how good
♪ Drive you crazy. baby
♪ Plain Jane. give him a little ♪
♪ Sexy. tease him a little
♪ Get him freaky
♪ To all ways of loving
♪ Right baby. right baby
♪ Plain Jane. give him a little ♪
♪ Sexy. tease him a little
♪ Give him plain Jane
♪ Freaky. freaky. freaky
♪ Plain Jane
(dramatic R&B music)
- Hey hey hey. listen man.
Them fucking young boys on the night shift?
That shit ain't gonna work. man.
Them niggas drawl.
Yeah man. they can't keep falling asleep
and having all of them bitches
in the house when they serving.
It ain't gonna work.
I'm gonna have to beat somebody ass like I'm they dad.
I don't wanna do that shit.
And that money better not be fucked up!
- Hey babe. I'mma be in here forever.
so you don't gotta worry about coming to pick me up.
I'mma just call my mom to come get me.
- All right.
Listen. I'm on my way up north now.
Okay. I'll meet you there. all right.
(car revs)
- [Receptionist] Oh hey Mya.
- [Mya] Oh hey. girl
Girl. you looking fly as always.
- Thank you.
All right. so let me see.
Coco got three in front of you.
Girl. there was some drama in here earlier.
- Yeah?
What happened?
- You know Tamika from Southwest?
- Yeah. I know who she is.
- Well her baby father meathead came in here today.
See. Tamika been fucking around with Cortez from Jay Street.
Thought they was creeping.
Homie had done found out and whooped her all over the salon.
- Really?
Girl yes. we had to call the cops and everything.
It was like the nigga was possessed.
- That's crazy.
- I know.
But Coco got three in front of you.
so you go ahead and have a seat of something.
Grab a magazine 'cause you gonna be here for a while.
- Okay.
Hey Coco.
- Ms. Thing.
What are we having done to you here today?
Because I do not have time for your temper tea.
- I need to look glamorous.
My boo's taking me somewhere real special.
- Special like where?
Girl. give me the juice.
- He's taking me over to the shark bar.
You know the one in New York where the big boys play?
- Do that. Mya.
- Thank you. thank you.
- Mya I'm ready for you.
- Okay.
- Yo. that bitch (indistinct).
Like everybody hit that nigga.
- Child please. everybody been in that Benz.
What's new?
Everybody get a Chanel bag from him.
Girl no mind.
Anyway. that nigga belongs to the street.
He's fair game.
He's for everybody.
- [Customer] Everybody.
- Coco. who's that bitch over there
gritting on me with Toya?
I know she talking about me.
She too fucking old to be this petty.
Ain't she going on 30?
- Trust me. I see what's going on.
I'm gonna deal with Toya's ass later.
Girl. you messing with a boss man.
One of the top niggas in the city.
Haters and jealousy come with the territory.
Chicks that never knew your name are now seeking you out.
They all wanna know who's Carmello Black's girl.
Baby. you a hood superstar.
- You know what Coco?
You right.
How could I ever sweat these bitches?
I'm the definition of a young bad chick.
Let me check these haters real quick.
Bitch. don't ever try me looking like
a wack ass G&G catalog model.
- No the fuck she didn't.
- [Mya] Oh bitch. yes the fuck she did!
(tense music)
- Tyrel. you flipping those
motherfuckers faster than Gino's Steaks.
- I mean what can I say. LaDonna?
Got hungry clientele.
Your product keeps them fit.
By the way. you looking good as a motherfucker today. baby.
- Tyrel. cut the bullshit.
I get enough commentary from the big bosses
in Jersey and in New York.
Let's get down to business.
What's the deal with this RaQuan kid
that you brought to the table?
- Yeah. he's like my brother.
He can be trusted.
His folks got Chester and half of Delaware on lock.
I feel like it'll be a good way to spread territory.
- In the meeting we had. he's asking for a lot of product.
You know normally I don't do them
kind of numbers with no cash exchange.
- No I know. I know. but he's serious about his money.
He gonna flip them kis quick.
He gonna bring you back the return.
Shit. with triple interest.
- So you vouching for this kid?
- Yo. you got my word. LaDonna.
- All right. RaQuan's in.
Delaware and Chester. new Daluca territory.
I like the sound that those benjamins.
Tyrel.
Make sure everything runs smooth with RaQuan.
Because if he fucks this up. someone's head's
gonna roll one way or the other.
Enjoy your weekend with this pretty
little girlfriend I hear so much about.
(woman moaning)
- Come here.
Ride that shit.
Come here.
(phone rings)
- No.
You have to cum.
No!
- Shh.
Ride that dick. ride that dick. ride that dick.
Yo.
- Hey yo.
- Yo Black.
- Hey yo. come outside.
- Yo. it can't wait yo?
I'm with this bad little bitch right now. man.
- Come on with the pussy whip shit. man.
She ain't going nowhere.
- All right. give me a couple minutes. man.
Let me get my shit together. man.
I'll be right out there.
- All right.
Yo man. get your shit together. man.
Come on. you out.
Bounce.
What's up bro. how are you?
- I'm good.
What's up with the young bulls?
- Hey man. I don't play no games with them niggas.
- Yeah. I know.
- Yeah man. I had to straighten
(indistinct) a couple weeks ago.
- Nah. I don't doubt it.
You my gunner.
And that's why I'm here.
That's what I need to talk to you about.
But listen. what we talk about right now?
This shit gotta stay between us.
- Hey Black.
Come on. man.
Who are you talking to. man?
Tell me what's on your mind.
What's up?
- I got some information that came to my attention.
Make a long story short. one day I might
need you to eliminate somebody in your own crew.
- [Khalid] Who?
- Faheem.
I mean I can't trust him no more.
I mean this machine.
We got a machine going.
And this shit rolling.
He might have to just get rolled over.
I mean I don't want to.
But I don't got no choice.
It's business.
He might bring the whole thing down.
'Cause you the only nigga that he trusts.
To let get close enough.
And on top of that. outside of myself
you the only nigga with enough heart to look
a nigga in his eyes before you blow his head off.
So can you handle it?
- I mean...
Fah?
- Fah.
- Black. it's Fah. Black.
- I know.
- Nigga like family.
- Yeah.
I mean. but what you done to my life. man?
What you done for me. man?
I'm forever grateful.
But I mean if that's really how you feel.
and that's really what you want to get done.
then just give me the word and I'mma do him.
Fuck him.
I mean it's not like I could say no to you anyway. nigga.
You've been big bro since I was like 14. 15.
- Nigga you was 14 when you got down with me.
- Damn.
Damn. you right. I was 14.
- Can you handle it?
- Yeah.
- I'll hit you up and give you the word when I'm ready.
- Make sure you do that.
Be safe out here. man.
- You too. man.
- Love you. OG.
- Love you too.
(car revs)
- What the hell do you mean you're leaving?
- [Takia] Like I just said.
Rell and I are moving in together.
I'm sick of putting up with your shit.
And living in this filth.
- If you think that that nigga really loves you.
then you're dumber than what I thought.
He's just gonna get where he can from you
and throw you to the side like trash.
- Yeah. whatever.
I thought I'd let you know that I was leaving.
I can't stay in this house and be miserable
with you for any second longer.
And just because you ain't never had a man in your life
that loved you don't mean mine ain't gonna be different.
I know for a fact Rell loves me.
- Girl please.
You don't know love.
The same way you don't know
your coochie from a hole in the wall.
But you wanna leave so bad?
Then go.
But you ain't gonna be banging on
my door with no crying babies.
I'm done raising children.
- Michelle. please.
You ain't never raised no children.
My grandma raised us.
All you did was push us out.
- You little bitch. I should've
aborted you like I started to.
- Fuck you!
You drunk bitch!
It should've been you in the early grave!
Not my brother or my grandmother!
Don't touch my stuff. Michelle.
- Take your shit and get the hell out of my house!
- Don't throw my-
- And don't come crawling back here
when that nigga kicks your ass to the curb!
These niggas don't know what love is!
- Did you forget that I took care of you?
You've never taken care of me.
The reason why bills get paid around this bitch.
and there's food in the fridge. is because of me!
And I never once got a thank you from your sorry ass!
But you know what?
You gonna need me before I ever need your broke ass.
You've always been jealous of me.
And when I do become a mother.
I already know what not to do from you.
- These niggas don't know what love is!
All they love is fast money
and easy little whores like you!
He's gonna use you up and spit you out!
You just watch!
He's gonna break you!
Do you hear me. Takia?
- I'm already broken.
- Fuck this.
Yo. come on. babe.
We out.
You ain't gotta put up with this bullshit no more. yo.
Come on.
- You ain't nothing special!
And you ain't gonna have no fairy tale ending either!
I used to be you!
Just take a look around!
You're gonna be just like me!
(car revs)
- You all right?
It's gonna be cool. baby.
- And what the hell all y'all looking at?
Can't none of y'all on this block judge me!
Melba. you ain't nothing but a drunk!
Sitting on welfare just like me!
- Fuck you. Michelle.
Fuck you.
- Shut up. you old drunk broad!
And Ms. Francine. your grandson been selling
drugs out your house for years.
- You know what?
What goes on at my house is my business.
You need to take care of your own household.
- And you. Ms. Thelma.
So high and mighty. holy church lady.
But always gossiping about everybody up and down this block.
Your granddaughters are hoes.
Just like Takia.
Sleeping with all them boys from 60th Street.
I know all about it.
- My granddaughters ain't no hoes.
They're both in nursing school.
My granddaughters are good girls.
- Nursing school my ass. Ms. Thelma.
They nursing them dicks over on 60th Street.
That's what they good at.
- You know what?
I rebuke you in the name of Jesus.
If I wasn't a good Christian woman.
I'd be hopping this porch. whooping your ass!
But you know what?
I'm just gonna pray for you.
You need help.
Michelle. you need to cut this stuff out!
Lord Jesus. help this lost soul.
I ain't got time for this nonsense.
I got a fresh pot of collard greens on the stove.
(dramatic music)
- You'll be back. Takia.
♪ With the jazzy funk-a-delphia ♪
♪ The bomb can't drop. no stealthier ♪
♪ Can only make you healthier
♪ To help us all get wealthier
(hip hop music)
- Yo Takia!
Hey Takia!
(Pumpkin honks)
Damn. you don't hear me calling you?
- Oh my God. what Pumpkin?
- I call your phone. you never answer.
I go past your mom's crib.
she said you ain't there no more.
- Pumpkin. what we we had going on is over.
I'm in a serious relationship.
I have a boyfriend.
- Boyfriend?
Who. that little South Philly nigga?
- Yes. Rell from South Philly.
- That young bull's a fucking sucker.
Listen. I know we ain't go together. but damn.
I thought we had something special going on.
All that cash I got your broke ass.
- Pumpkin. we had an arrangement.
but as of now that shit over.
- Know what. Takia?
Fuck you then. bitch!
- Fuck you!
With your corny little dick ass.
- I got tired of fucking with your stank ass anyway.
Back the fuck up from my car!
Don't get. hey yo get the fuck off!
Go get fucked up!
- These are so cute.
- Yes.
- I got those in my closet.
- You got these?
- Of course.
- [Raven] I ain't see them in your closet.
- [Mya] Takia.
- [Raven] Yes.
- Takia why you so quiet over there?
What's up with you?
- Nothing.
I'm cool.
- Anyway. this will look so cute on you
and I know Rell will appreciate it.
- I can't believe y'all moved in with each other.
Things must be getting pretty serious.
- More serious than you think.
- Let me see.
- What is it?
- Oh my God. it's positive.
Yo Takia. you really knocked up.
- Takia.
So what is you gonna do?
- I don't know.
I'm debating with myself.
I mean. am I ready for a baby?
Is Rell ready for a baby?
Is he gonna break up with me?
I don't know.
- Look. if you want me to go to
Planned Parenthood with you I will.
You're only. what. a few weeks?
All you need is $400. a fake ID.
Just tell Rell to give you the money
for shopping or something.
But you know what it's really for.
Why y'all looking at me like that?
That's what my cousin Regina told me her friend Tia did
when she was knocked up and didn't wanna keep it.
- Bitch. sometimes I wonder about you.
- Yes. child.
- So Rell doesn't know yet?
- No.
I'm not killing my baby.
I mean if Rell really love me.
he'll do the right thing and stick by my side.
I think Rell would be a good dad.
He's so good with his nieces and nephews.
- Takia. you is tripping.
You out of all females should know that dating
a street nigga is one thing. but having a baby by him?
That's something different.
Nothing is guaranteed.
- Raven. what would you know what
dating the street guy is like?
You just started messing with one
for the first time a week ago.
- I learn the game quick.
- Girl. you the last person I need advice from about men.
- Look. before you two hoes start going in on each other.
Puff Daddy & The Family concert tickets go on sale
this Friday and we need to be in the building.
- They going on sale?
Oh we in the building!
- What are we gonna wear is the question.
- What you mean?
We coming through in fur.
Mink and fox coats like real bad bitches.
And I'm charging the tickets to my mom's American Express.
We guaranteed at least fifth row.
- Yes.
We in there.
- Rell.
- You up?
- No.
- I gotta tell you something.
- What's up?
- I'm pregnant.
Rell. I didn't do it on purpose to trap you.
Please don't be mad at me.
- Mad at you?
You having a baby.
Something we created out of love.
Why would I be mad at you?
- I didn't know how you would feel.
I want this baby so bad.
- You gonna have him too.
I'll be with you every step the way.
I'm ready to be a father.
- Him?
How you know it's not a her?
- I mean we only make boys in our family.
It gotta be a him.
- Well that might change today. baby.
- No Frankie. you gotta tell LaDonna
to give me a little more time than that. yo.
Man. 200.000 ain't no fucking trump change!
Man you know that shit!
Huh?
Yo. I thought RaQuan was stable. dawg.
- That isn't my fucking problem.
You vouched for that cocksucker motherfucker!
His debt is your debt.
- Dawg. I ain't know he was gonna
fuck up them bricks like that.
- You're the one that brought that kid
around here in the first place.
So you need to pay up!
And I don't care where you get it from!
You can get it from your ass for all I care!
- [LaDonna] Give me the fucking phone.
- Here.
- You listen to me Rell. you moolie piece of shit.
I'm tired of the excuses.
- No. I understand business is business.
- I'm tired of hearing it.
I want every dime of that 200.000 that you owe me
or I'm gonna have your black ass
chopped up into little pieces all up and down
on Fifth Street in front of your grandma Penny's house.
You understand?
- 200.000?
No. right now I got like 40.
I feel like if you...
Hello?
Fuck!
(tense music)
- Bring him over.
RaQuan. so good of you to join us.
- Yo. what's up LaDonna?
- Got something for you.
A little token of my appreciation.
Don't spend it all on loose women and fried chicken.
- Hey RaQuan. your friend Tyrel?
Consider him done.
- You know my name in these streets?
RaQuan.
He was getting too big headed anyway.
Fuck him.
- Consider that checkmate?
- Yeah I did.
And the queen's always left standing.
- Rell. what the fuck is going on?
- Ain't nothing going on.
I thought you was asleep.
The fuck. you eavesdropping on my phone conversations now?
- You woke me up with your loud yelling and screaming.
I heard half of your conversation.
Now tell me what's going on.
- I'm sorry baby. come here.
I'm in some deep shit right now. T.
Ain't no man.
Just some fucking dickhead I thought was my man.
This nigga RaQuan from Fifth Street.
I put him in with my coke connection.
Time when my niggas and I were dealing
for a couple years out of South Philly.
They put a lot of work on him.
Just off the strength of me.
Now this motherfucker ran off somewhere.
Nobody know where the fuck he is.
Nobody get him on the line. nobody seen him.
And they looking at me to pay their debt.
- Babe. it's not your fault.
- You don't get it. T.
Them?
They on some...
Some family respect shit.
And it's like they feel like by me
bringing that nigga to the table.
I might have something to do with it.
So now they just straight pinning that shit on me.
They told me that I have to pay them $200.000 by Friday.
Or some more shit might...
- Or what?
They gonna kill you?
- It's a real possibility. T.
Takia come here!
- All these clothes. all this jewelry. sell all this shit!
All of it!
- Listen to me.
I got this. let me handle this.
We ain't gotta sell shit!
Fuck. man.
I wanted to keep all this shit from you. T.
Listen to me.
You can't tell nobody about this.
Not your friends. nobody.
I got this. all right?
Let's go to bed. baby.
(heart beating)
- I love you. Rell.
- I love you too.
(R&B music)
♪ You've been talking all that shit. talking all that shit ♪
♪ Now what you gonna do to me
♪ What you don't know is that baby I'm a pro ♪
♪ Teach the class. have you stalking me ♪
♪ It's dangerous when I ride. I let you come inside ♪
♪ But don't think that you can handle me ♪
♪ I've been known to cause a problem ♪
♪ I heard that you could solve them ♪
♪ But if you take this challenge you'll be hooked for life ♪
♪ Now know that I can be real cocky ♪
♪ There ain't nothing gonna stop me ♪
♪ My man get. my man got me feeling like I'm honey ♪
♪ And I shut it down in the bed ♪
♪ Can't you see. know that that's me ♪
♪ And when he go. just know he won't be gone for long ♪
♪ Because I'm bad. yeah I'm bad ♪
♪ I'm super fucking bad
♪ Yeah I know. yeah I know
♪ 'Cause my man told me that
♪ He said he like it like that
♪ Ooh yeah
♪ He said I'm good from the front ♪
♪ But I'm the best from the back ♪
♪ He like that pretty wow wow
♪ Driving him wild
♪ Ooh child. he like the way I ride it ♪
♪ He said I'm good from the front ♪
♪ But I'm the best from the back ♪
♪ He said I'm good front the front ♪
♪ He like that pretty wow wow
♪ Driving him wild
♪ Ooh child. he like the way I ride it ♪
♪ You say you want him. but you're moving too slow ♪
♪ I guess it's time for me to take control ♪
(hip hop music)
- [Carmello] Yo. it's the first of the fucking month!
Y'all motherfuckers bagging up slow as shit!
All all our corner boys need a re-up.
I bet you if I bust one of your ass in here
y'all start bagging up a little faster.
Fuck your bitch ass looking at?
Hurry up!
- Yo Black!
- Here. you take this.
- There's a lot been on my mind lately. man.
Let me talk to you before you roll out.
- All right. okay.
Give me a minute. okay?
- Well hurry up 'cause I don't fuck with the help.
- Okay. all right.
I'll be right out there.
Y'all good right?
All right Faheem. come on.
Let's talk.
- So what's up with this Colombia connect?
- What about it?
- I mean you gonna use him as an East Coast distributor?
I keep hearing whispers in the streets
about you have meetings with the connect
and I'm not invited to none of this shit.
- Wait. wait. wait wait wait.
Listen.
- [Faheem] What's up. man?
- Listen. don't worry about that.
I'm glad you brought it up.
I've been thinking and I'm gonna
go in a different direction.
But don't worry about it.
Just continue what you was doing.
I got it.
- A whole nother direction?
- Yeah.
- Since when you start making decisions
without discussing it with me first?
- What?
Faheem. fuck's you talking about?
Last time I checked I built this empire.
I built this shit.
Fuck's you talking about?
- Built this empire?
Nigga I done put a lot of work in too. nigga.
- I know.
- But I see that seems to have been
forgotten along the way!
- No it hasn't.
Listen. I don't wanna go there with you.
I love you like a brother.
Let's just stop right here.
I don't want you ever questioning me
about the moves that I make with my business.
- Your business?
- Yes.
- Nigga I'mma keep this shit
all the way 100 with you. nigga.
You've fucking fallen off.
Nigga you lost focus. nigga.
I know you got that little pretty bitch of yours
and all that shit. and God bless you. my nigga.
you doing your thing. but damn!
We got too much paper at stake.
I'm not about to lose none of that shit. dawg!
- Wait. what'd you just call her?
- Listen. no disrespect my nigga.
but you know these bitches out here-
- Listen nigga. listen nigga.
Listen. don't you ever disrespect my chick again. dawg.
The fuck you think you is. nigga?
You wanna walk in my shoes?
Huh Fah?
You wanna be me. Fah?
You wanna fuck my bitch. Fah?
You wanna run this shit?
You can't do what I do. Fah!
You can never be Carmello Black!
- Nigga it's me.
- I know who the fuck you are.
- Faheem.
The same nigga that was with you getting rolled on
by 10 niggas at Strawberry Mansion.
Okay?
When we was at them Bloomsberg Projects. nigga.
I was busting my gat. nigga!
We pull out shit.
This is what you gonna do to me. nigga?
Hmm?
How you gonna question me. dawg?
(tense music)
Even though you threatening my life.
I'm always gonna love you. man.
Like the brother that my mother never birthed.
- I love you too.
- [Faheem VO] Special Agent Johnson.
I got the info on Carmello Black.
I know when and where he's at with enough coke
that you can sit his ass down for a fucking lifetime.
This man's orchestrated bodies over the past 10 years.
He got bodies all over Philly and Delaware!
Yes!
All right.
- [DeMarcos] Winters!
- What's up?
- You won't believe the anonymous tip I just got.
- Oh yeah?
- You know that big fish we've been trying to bait?
- Carmello Black!
- Yeah. that's the one.
- Okay.
- I got everything we need to hook his ass.
- Well let's go fishing.
- Yeah.
(hip hop music)
(Mya laughs)
- Yo.
You know I would never put you in danger right?
- Yeah.
- The only reason I ask is 'cause.
It's like I need you to take this run with me.
- Take a run with you?
- Yeah.
My last run.
A big run.
Life-changing run.
And as far as I'm concerned right now.
you the only person that I trust.
- Oh really?
- No. seriously.
I'm ready to go legit after this.
Go get me a crib somewhere in Jersey or something.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm aware that your pop got paper.
I know.
But I wanna be the one to take care of you.
I wanna be the one to pay for your college tuition.
And on top of that. I want to be the one
to put a ring on your finger and lock you down.
- You wanna marry me. Black?
Wife me up. huh?
- For sure.
What you think I've been moving you for all this time?
You my Bonnie!
- I mean you definitely my Clyde.
- Meet my folks.
Probably gonna meet us at the port.
Fill us up with enough white to paint
the whole city white as a Christmas Day.
- I mean...
I don't know. Black knight.
- What's wrong?
- What if something goes wrong?
Both my parents are attorneys and they would
kill me if I ever got arrested.
- Oh no. you can't think like that though.
Look at me.
Listen to me.
You trust me. right?
- Yeah.
- [Carmello] You told me that you was ready.
- I mean I am ready. it's just that I've never
been in one of these type of situations before.
- You all right?
- You know what?
Fuck it.
I'm in.
Let's do this.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- Give me a kiss.
I got a gift for you.
- Oh really?
- Yeah. you like gifts?
- You know I do.
- All right. close your eyes.
Is they closed?
- Yes!
- Hold that.
- A gun?
- Yeah.
That's for you.
- It's a cute little gun.
- You like that?
- Yeah.
I ain't never shoot a gun before.
- That's easy.
Let me show you.
Come here. let me show you.
All you gotta do is aim.
Focus on the target that you wanna hit.
And pull the trigger.
(gun clicks)
I know exactly which target I'm trying to hit.
- Oh really?
You think you got good aim?
- I have excellent aim.
(tense music)
- Right on time.
- Oh my God. Rell!
- [Rell] No!
- [Frankie] Get him!
Get your man. Tony!
Get that piece of shit!
- Tyrel. this be that pretty little
girlfriend I hear so much about?
- Let go of her!
- Get him. Frankie!
- [Frankie] Get down. you fucking pussy!
- Tyrel. it'd be a real shame if that
pretty little face got messed up.
You know Frankie stays thirsty for that wet pussy.
- Fuck you. bitch!
She pregnant!
I'm gonna fuck him up!
- [Frankie] Get fucking down!
- Leave him the fuck alone!
- [Tony] Shut the fuck up. fucking bitch!
- Say goodbye to your girlfriend. Tyrel.
And just so you know. this isn't just about RaQuan.
You been scheming money for years.
And didn't think we'd find out?
But we know everything.
My father might've had a soft spot for you.
but I've been waiting for this moment
for a fucking long time.
Taking you the fuck down.
- Wait!
I'll do anything!
Anything. please just don't kill him!
- Tyrel. do you see this?
Your girl is begging and pleading for your life.
Now that's on some Romeo and Juliet type of shit.
(LaDonna chuckles)
Frank.
- Yes ma'am?
- Take care of her like a female dog in heat!
(dramatic music)
- No!
No!
No. no!
- [Frankie] Stop fucking fighting!
(Takia sobs)
(gun cocks)
(rapid heartbeat)
(gun fires)
- Rell!
Rell!
- See what we get for working with niggers?
Eat shit. you fucking spook.
(girls sobbing)
- Oh my god. Takia I hope you're okay.
Why?
Why has it gotta be Takia?
- You gonna be okay. baby.
Girls. do you mind giving me
a moment alone with Takia please?
- Come on.
- I know I ain't done right by you as a mother.
I failed you and your brothers.
But God has been punishing me for my evil deeds.
I started going to church.
I even got saved.
I removed that demon alcohol from my life.
I started going to the Welfare to Work program.
I got a certificate in data entry.
I landed a good job with Blue Cross & Blue Shield.
I'm a temp. but it's a start.
I made a deal.
With God.
That if He gave my beautiful daughter a second chance.
I would give my all to being the mother.
That I never was to my children.
My sons I lost to sins of greed.
And you. Takia.
I lost to the streets.
Instead of protecting you!
Baby I watched.
I sat by and watched.
You give your precious body away.
I've been such a fool!
Lord!
In Jesus Christ. please take hold and heal my baby.
Lord. I know you're listening.
- What's wrong?
Why ain't you eating your food?
- I guess Takia and everything that's happened to her
has really been on my mind a lot.
I just...
I wish I could do more to help her. you know?
- Yeah. well like I told you before.
ain't nothing you could've done.
Ain't nothing nobody could've done. Mya.
The nigga was in over his head.
Bitch fucking that money up.
Niggas in the street saying that nigga
had a million dollar tab. Mya.
That's a lot of fucking money.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
Listen. let me explain something to you.
When you doing business. street business
with them Italians. it's different.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a little tricky.
I don't think he knew what he was doing
enough to play that game with them.
So he got clipped.
And I'm not surprised.
But you lucky that you ain't get
caught up in the middle of that bullshit.
I'd have had to light everybody the fuck up in South Philly.
Okay?
You all right?
- Yeah. I'm just tired.
I wanna go home.
- All right. okay.
I don't wanna be mean.
but you gotta stop being so emotional. Mya.
Emotions bring down empires.
All right?
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Are you serious?
Fah. why are you calling me about this petty shit. dawg?
You can't handle the spot that I gave you. dawg?
Dawg. it's not that fucking hard.
Can you handle it or not?
All right. well get it the fuck handled then!
Don't call me about no dumb shit like this no more. dawg!
Ever!
All right man. bye!
- You okay?
- Yeah. I'm good.
- Fuck!
This nigga Black. he talking to me disrespectful.
Like I'm fucking lame!
Black ass wouldn't even be running shit
smooth if it wasn't for me.
Khalid no fucking help!
He got no fucking balls too!
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Hey Kiki. what the fuck I tell you about calling
my phone around this time of night?
Bitch I'm with my girl!
You're fucking tripping!
- Faheem. what the fuck are you yelling about right now?
- This nigga Black. man.
Fucking acting crazy.
- Okay.
- Treating me like I'm some fucking nut-ass nigga.
Who gives a fuck?
Fuck Black.
Fuck what he gotta say.
Okay?
You're a boss.
- This nigga changed on me.
- You know who you are?
- Faheem.
- No.
You're a fucking boss.
You run the shit. okay?
You run the city.
You make the shit go down.
Not him.
You.
Fuck his black ass. how about that?
What you gonna do is run this thing
like how you always run it.
And do what you do best.
Get this fucking money.
All right?
And I got something for you.
Act like a boss.
Bosses get what they want right?
- Hey Mira. go and check the door.
Make sure no NCA's coming down the hall.
- Yeah girl. 'cause ain't nobody trying to get suspended.
- The cost is clear.
Y'all can chill out.
- All right.
- Well what the fuck?
Did Takia just fall off the face of the Earth or something?
I mean I heard about her boyfriend
from South Philly getting killed.
That nigga had a hit out on him.
- Let me tell you.
Word on this street is old boy
owed all this money to some niggas.
- I'm not fucking around!
You move again and I'll stomp your fucking head!
- Takia done went crazy.
- What's wrong baby?
Calm down!
- No!
Rell!
Where's Rell?
They killed my baby!
- For real?
Damn. that's fucked up.
- Good.
If that is what happened to her. that bitch get.
- Damn Kareema. you heartless!
- So?
(girls laughing)
(hip hop music)
- Yo yo yo yo. yo yo yo. Mya.
I heard about what happened with Takia. you okay?
- Look. I'm okay Smoke. but let go of me.
Shit. I got a lot of my mind right now
and I don't got time to talk.
- All right. well can you stop fronting for two seconds?
I'm just trying to bust it out with you real quick.
Stop acting like you don't miss a nigga.
- Don't flatter yourself.
You the last thing on my mind.
- Stop feeling yourself. all right?
Don't forget that I'm the one that had you
sneaking out your parents' big ass crib
to come hustle with me on a dirty ass block.
- Oh please. that was a lifetime ago.
That shit was cool when I was like 15.
But you still in that same nickel and dime.
low budget pack boy shit.
You still a worker. Smoke.
And I only fuck with bosses.
- Hold on. watch your mouth.
- Get the fuck off of me!
- Fuck you then!
Fake ass bitch.
(dramatic music)
- So are you coming or not?
We had that conversation an hour ago.
Of course I got weed.
I run this stash house.
Bitch get your ass over here!
So I'mma see you in like 20 minutes?
- What the fuck?
Get off!
- Let me call you back.
- [Nickels] Hey Raheem. get the fuck out. yo!
Get the fuck up the stairs!
- Shit's bugging.
- Get the fuck in there. yo!
- Nickels just let me go!
My parents is expecting me home by 3:30.
If I'm not there they gonna-
- Shut the fuck up!
Don't say another motherfucking word!
You not going over until you understand that you my bitch!
All the money I done fucking gave you?
All this designer shit that you got on?
I fucking bought that!
- Nigga. fuck you and your money!
I don't want nothing to do
with your fucking fat ass no more!
- Fuck you just say to me?
Fuck you just say to me. yo?
Huh?
What the fuck you just say to me?
Take this shit the fuck off.
Take this shit off!
- You beating on me. nigga!
Get off me!
- Fuck me!
Fuck!
I put my hands on you 'cause you don't fucking listen!
That's the problem!
You leaving me is not a motherfucking option!
I'm a man first!
You don't just pick up and cut me off like that!
What the fuck is wrong with you. yo?
When I first met you.
You was busting your ass at Marshall's catching a bus!
Dealing with that broke ass nigga Mally!
And you talk about you wanna fucking leave me?
Like I'm some fucking nut-ass nigga?
(tense music)
Raven.
Raven look at me.
Raven I said look at me!
(Raven sobs)
I love you so much.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
And myself.
If you think you gonna fucking leave me.
- (sobs) Nickels you don't have to do this.
- You wanna leave me. Raven?
I said you wanna leave me. Raven!
- [Raven] Nickels stop!
(phone ringing)
- Yo.
- [Amir] Yo man. I need another bird. bro.
- That ain't what we agreed upon. Amir.
- [Amir] Listen. yo. I just need to get-
- I done fronted y'all niggas too much work
for me to be waiting on my bread!
- [Amir] Listen. I'm handing them the bird
so I can get it right back to you.
Ain't nothing.
- Where y'all niggas at?
- [Amir] Meet me at 55th and Vine.
- 55th and Vine projects?
All right. I'm on my way.
Hey Amir.
Don't get lost. yo.
- [Amir] All right.
I got you.
(Raven sobs)
- Come here.
I said come here.
Raven calm down. calm down!
I gotta go handle something real quick.
Now you gonna sit here until you understand.
That you not going nowhere.
Raven look at me.
Raven I said look at me.
I love you to death.
I mean that.
- I gotta get out of here.
I know he gonna kill me.
I gotta go.
Where my phone at?
(phone ringing)
- Baby girl what's up?
- Nadir?
Yes. please help me.
- Yo. hold on. calm down.
Hold on. what's up?
- Nickels kidnapped me and held me at gunpoint.
- Where?
- He got me in the backroom
of his trap house on 61st Street.
Can you please come down and get me?
- Yeah. I know where that's at.
All right. listen.
I'm on my way.
Yo. that shit with that nigga Nickels?
That shit end tonight.
(Raven sobs)
You fucked up.
- Hold on hold on hold on. I'mma call you back.
I'mma call you back.
(dramatic music)
- I told you I was coming for you. right?
- Mmmhm.
- Nadir don't ever let me go.
Please don't ever let me go.
- I'll die before I do.
I promise you another man won't ever put his hands on you.
How about that marrying thing?
(Raven shrieks)
- Raheem.
- So this the pretty motherfucker
you've been creeping with.
You fucking bitch!
- She not gonna be either between bitches either.
Look. let me take her out of here.
Ain't nobody gotta get hurt.
- Yo. I clearly remember your face.
And that black caddy outside.
You that same nigga Raven was talking to
the night of that Bad Boys show!
Yeah. I smoke a lot of weed.
But I got a spot on memory.
Raven you think you fucking slick?
You been taking my dough
and giving it to the next motherfucker?
Bitch I should fucking-
- You dealing with the wrong nigga now!
In the old days you used her face a fucking punching bag?
Nigga that shit's over today!
As a matter of fact. take that fucking chump change. pussy!
This how it's gonna fucking go.
Y'all gonna let us walk the fuck up out of here.
or both of y'all niggas gonna get dropped.
You choose.
- Man kill this motherfucker. Mal!
Blow his fucking brains out!
(guns firing)
(suspense music)
Nickels!
Nigga I'll fuck you up!
I'mma kill you. bitch!
(gun fires)
I'll fucking kill you.
Plug you full of holes when I get done with you!
(Raheem groans)
Raven you not gonna catch no bodies.
How about you give me the gun.
And some of that pussy Nickels was so crazy about.
And I'll let you live.
- [Nadir] Kill this nigga!
(gun firing)
- Where's your keys?
- My back pocket.
- We gotta get you out of here.
We gotta get you to the hospital.
Nadir!
(Raven sobs)
Don't you dare die on me. Nadir!
Don't you dare!
Please in the name of the Lord. I can't take losing you.
Not this one.
I need you!
You came back for me!
I had to go through everything I went through
with Mally and Nickels just to get to you.
My one true love.
(Raven sobs)
(sirens wailing)
(hip hop music)
- [Winters] Let's go.
Come on.
Have a seat.
Good?
- Well. well. well.
If it isn't the king cobra himself.
Carmello Black.
We've been watching you for years.
Always so careful.
Until now.
We found 30 kilos of cocaine in your trunk.
That's enough to supply the whole east coast.
No high price lawyer is gonna get you off.
What's that. 30. 40 years?
Oh. and not including all the list
of bodies that you left behind.
Yeah. little birdie gave up all your tape.
- Fuck your birdie. nigga.
- You know what. Black?
Let's make this easy.
Give me the names.
Give me every name of everybody in your operation.
I'll knock off two decades.
So let's make it easy.
Give us the names.
- I ain't no rat.
- You know that.
I'll do a hundred years on my head
before I snitch to y'all.
Man. fuck a federal agent or whatever the fuck y'all is.
Whatever my time's gonna be. let it be.
I ain't scared. I ain't worried about that.
I'm good.
Long as my hood know I went out like a real one.
that's the only thing that matter to me.
Let me get my motherfucking phone call.
- So let me ask you a question.
How did a pretty girl like yourself
get mixed up with one of Philadelphia's
most notorious drug traffickers?
We've been watching you. Mya.
Look. just tell us what we need to know.
We'll make sure that this goes easy for you.
- Mya Campbell.
Age 18.
Just graduated from high school.
Both parents are attorneys at prestigious law firms.
Got no prior arrests.
No juvenile history.
She's clean.
Miss Campbell. this is a very serious
situation we got here. okay?
The amount of drugs your little boyfriend
Carmello Black was transporting?
You're guaranteed to do four to seven years. okay?
That is unless you choose to cooperate with us.
That way we'll make sure they take it easy on you.
- Think about your life. Mya.
Carmello Black is a low life scum
that only thinks about himself.
- Believe me hon. he is not thinking about you right now.
Tell us what you know.
That way you won't be spending some
of the best years of your life behind bars
in one of those nasty little jumpsuits.
- Please.
You can't scare me.
You feds talk a real good one.
but my father is one of the best.
most respected attorneys in Philadelphia.
Y'all don't have nothing to hold me.
I'll be out of here by tonight.
I'm not your average teenage girl.
Now can I get my fucking phone call please to my parents?
(DeMarcos chuckles)
- You're pretty feisty aren't you?
But you can be broken.
- You just think you and Black
are two lovers against the world don't you?
- I think Ms. Campbell needs a reality check.
- Why don't you take a look at what
your Prince Charming's been doing
behind your back all this time.
(tense music)
Your parents are here.
- Fuck.
Fuck. Black!
How could you do this to me?
What did I do?
Mya. what the fuck did you do?
I'm gonna go to prison.
Oh fuck. my parents are gonna kill me.
I did this for you. Black.
I thought it was me and you against the world.
And you creeping around with some bitch!
If I get charged with a felony I can't go to college.
I can't even get a job at fucking McDonald's!
Calm down. Mya.
Pull it together.
You gonna get through this.
'Cause you Mya Campbell.
You Mya fucking Campbell.
- Mya.
- Dad.
- [LaTanya] Mya. this can't be reality right now.
- Can't be reality.
- You're in here for drug trafficking?
- I can't believe this.
- We came all the way over here
from a charity event for this?
Terrance. we are gonna be blacklisted
because of your daughter.
- Blacklisted?
I finally see what your mother's
been telling me about you this whole time!
Mya how can you disgrace our family like this?
You know what. LaTanya?
I don't even know who my daughter is anymore.
I don't even know who she is!
Involved with drugs of all things?
I bust my ass to get my family out of North Philly.
I mean I don't know. we spoiled you.
Given you everything you've ever asked for no matter
what the price and you go and do this.
My entire law firm is laughing at me
behind my back Mya. do you understand that?
- I am so sorry.
- You know what?
I can't even look at her right now.
I can't even look at her.
- Get to stepping right now.
(hip hop music)
- [Mya VO] The fourth month
of my year sentence starts today.
And so does the eighth month of my pregnancy.
A few days after my father pulled some strings
and got me released. I found out I was pregnant.
The best and the worst news of my life.
After I found out that Carmello was sentenced
to life in prison I could have died.
I've let my parents down.
My mother has written me the nastiest letters
using every four letter word in the book.
And my dad won't even respond.
My dad.
Hurting him is what's killing me the most.
And the thought of giving birth in this
filthy ass prison gives me the creeps.
But I gotta stand strong.
That's how Black molded me.
In case you're wondering. I forgave Black
for his indiscretion with that stank-ass whore.
But any man in a position of power
is going to get easy pussy thrown in his face.
Sometimes it's just too hard to resist.
And besides. we made something
so beautiful out of our love.
Our baby. Carmello Samuel Jr. will be due
in a month and I can't wait to get my body back.
I can do this time standing on my head.
But poor Black. my love?
He just turned 24 a few weeks back.
He gonna be trapped like a tiger
in that cage for the rest of his life.
Another good black man down.
When I step foot out of this jail.
I swear on everything I'm gonna stay that bitch.
I might be missing 1999.
but then summer 2000 is gonna be mine.
The resurrection of Mya Campbell.
(hip hop music)
- Yo!
Give me my fucking phone call. man!
Come on. man!
I've been sitting here all fucking night!
Damn!
This is some bullshit. yo!
Yo!
- Damn girl. I can't wait to get you home.
- You ain't gonna get me home as much
as you've had to drink tonight.
- Shit. what you talking about?
I hold my liquor like a champ. okay?
Besides. I'm trying to get you
out that dress and get you wet.
You know what I'm trying to do.
- You playing. - Come on.
- [Takia] We can do all that when we
get off the plane in The Bahamas.
Right?
- The way you looking right now?
Shit. listen. we gonna have to have sex on the beach ASAP.
- Baby.
The beach. jacuzzi. champagne.
Chocolate covered strawberries.
- Chocolate covered strawberries.
Come on. we can do this right now
in the middle of the street.
You playing games.
Come on.
- Yeah!
Your glasses is nice.
- You look good yourself.
- Yeah?
- Hey Faheem!
'Sup nigga. you knew I was coming.
- This nigga.
What's up?
I see Black sent you huh?
- [Killer] That's right.
- That's right. okay. so what's up?
You Tough Tony huh?
You the boss now?
- Nah. I ain't the boss.
- So I guess you go out here
and you do it. then you get money?
Nigga you never be getting no real paper. nigga.
Look at you.
You fucking soft.
You can't even fucking dress.
What the fuck...
Where my bitch at. man?
(gun fires)
♪ Niggas done came and gone. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Crossed me. broke my heart. but I'm still here ♪
- Fucking rat-ass nigga.
♪ Had the drop on me. squeeze shot to me ♪
♪ But I'm still here
♪ I'm still here
♪ Crossed me. broke my heart. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Prayed on my downfall. but I'm still here ♪
♪ Had the drop on me. squeeze shot to me ♪
♪ But I'm still here
♪ I'm still here
- That's why you should've never
crossed Carmello Black. nigga.
Somebody help. my boyfriend got shot!
Help!
♪ I never met the principal
♪ His son came out due
♪ Made a living off coke. nigga ♪
♪ But I'm still here
♪ It can't be over
♪ We could've been here forever. I know it ♪
♪ You say you have certain feelings. but you never show it ♪
♪ You say you want up by my heart. but I feel like I owe it ♪
♪ I'm writing songs. I put my blood ♪
♪ In this pen when I wrote it
♪ Felt like the best thing ever the minute we started ♪
♪ And started going downhill. that's when we departed ♪
♪ I couldn't give it all to you. but I tried my hardest ♪
I pray you get the things you wanted
♪ Pray you go the farthest
♪ Damn. I miss my baby to death ♪
♪ My homie tell me me tighten up ♪
♪ 'Cause I've been different since the day that you left ♪
♪ Yes girl. you know what it is ♪
♪ And you can still hit me up
♪ On the phone when you think you can ♪
♪ Right there you'll be
♪ Crying life is over
♪ I have to start again
♪ You left me lonely and beat
♪ Hurt and broken again
♪ It can't be over. no no no
♪ I ain't mean the pain I caused ♪
♪ My love was yours
♪ I thought we'd see forever. but forever was lost ♪
♪ And my thoughts got shady. thought you was my baby ♪
♪ But a young girl gotta grow up and be a lady ♪
♪ You sit right. how can I do you like this right ♪
♪ But I don't know. everything happen quick like ♪
♪ One day you was calling me bae ♪
♪ Like who would ever thought I would go astray ♪
♪ I'm sorry for the trust you lost and the betray ♪
♪ If I can do it again. I'd never do it again ♪
♪ I should've never listened to all my friends ♪
♪ But this is how a perfect love story ends ♪
♪ Right there you'll be
♪ Crying life is over
♪ I have to start again
♪ You left me lonely and beat
♪ Hurt and broken again
♪ It can't be over. no no no
♪ It's all good. but mama I still care ♪
♪ As much as I wanna go. look mama I'm still here ♪
♪ True love was always in the air ♪
♪ We was something special. nothing couldn't compare ♪
♪ I probably won't ever love
♪ You made me feel like a scrub ♪
♪ And keep it real with a nigga ♪
♪ You could've said what it was ♪
♪ Maybe it wasn't that
♪ Maybe I want you back and maybe ♪
♪ I'll do whatever I can to take it back ♪
♪ You know how things come to an end ♪
♪ But I don't wanna start again ♪
♪ Right now I can't stop thinking ♪
♪ About you
♪ All about you
♪ And I can't stop thinking about you ♪
♪ Right there you'll be
♪ Crying life is over
♪ I have to start again
♪ You left me lonely and beat
♪ Hurt and broken again
♪ It can't be over. no no no no ♪
♪ Yeah
♪ Pump your brakes and rise slow ♪
♪ Ain't no point in rushing
♪ When you got nowhere to go
♪ If I don't do nothing then I gotta get dough ♪
♪ I just pray to God that I'm never dead broke ♪
♪ Pump your brakes and rise slow ♪
♪ Ain't no point in rushing
♪ When you got nowhere to go
♪ If I don't do nothing then I gotta get dough ♪
♪ I just pray to God that I'm never dead broke ♪
♪ Yeah. I remember playing in the dirt ♪
♪ Instead of getting fly
♪ Niggas riding through. stunting hard with them Yamahas ♪
♪ Used to tell it straight
♪ Pop a wheelie coming down the block ♪
♪ Sun shining hard and the summer bike on 12 o'clock ♪
♪ Can't stop a nigga paper. how you trying ♪
♪ To baller block and call the cops ♪
♪ Never out of pocket 'less is out of money ♪
♪ Out of line. know I gotta grind ♪
♪ Talking overtime
♪ 25. 1866. no 1965
♪ Pump your brakes and ride slow ♪
♪ Ain't no point in rushing when you've got nowhere to go ♪